Add optional image (#9)
pavelzw/moderner-cv: README.md

    // custom socials: (icon, link, body)
    // any fontawesome icon can be used: https://fontawesome.com/search
    website: ("link", "https://example.me", "example.me"),
    image-path: "/my-image.png",
  ),
)

// ...
```
### Image

> To add an image to your curriculum vitae, you can a path to that image to the `image-path` parameter (the path should be from the rrot of your project and start with a `/`). Here are te additional parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add an image to your curriculum vitae, you can a path to that image to the `image-path` parameter (the path should be from the root of your project and start with a `/`). Here are the additional parameters:

```
